a GameSpot viewers and readers it's
Kevin Van Orden the GameSpot offices and
I got a big box that just arrived a
short while ago and I didn't know what
was in it so I admit I did open it up
and then once I saw what was in it I
immediately closed it up again
so that we could sort of have a little
unboxing now this is not what's in here
is all about Star Wars The Old Republic
okay so this is not the collector's
edition or anything like that but it is
a bunch of stuff that EA sent that I
thought you might like to take a look at
and keep in mind we'll be giving away
these things on on the show on on the
spot so be on the lookout for that stuff
but let's go ahead and take a look at
the goodies that are inside of this box
that we received so opening it up and
everything is in here exactly is it
almost exactly as it came so first we've
got this volume that's still in the
plastic that says the Journal of Master
Noster all so I am not exactly sure what
this journal entails because I want to
keep the plastic on it so that when we
give it away somebody can have the
pleasure of unwrapping it for themselves
but that's that's number one here I'll
put that on my messy desk and number two
we've got the art book the art of making
Star Wars The Old Republic and I don't
want to give anything too much away but
we'll we'll open it up and give you a
peek at the first couple of pages here
so yeah that would definitely be Star
Wars so we've got the art book see if
there's anything interesting on the back
just gives a little bit of a rundown on
the Old Republic and where it's set and
when it's set and we can see that this
will be retailing it at $40 u.s. if you
want to go out and buy one for yourself
so again we'll put that up there on my
messy desk and find out what else is in
here well here's here's an important
part of what we received that would be
the game
so here we have still unwrapped the DVD
box of that on the back of the DVD box
and what does it say it says thousands
of years before the rise of Darth Vader
there was the Old Republic choose your
side and Star Wars The Old Republic and
it talks about the award-winning
massively multiplayer online game
winning awards before it's even out that
is a very special thing indeed let's go
ahead and see what is in this issue
wrapped box whoa
it is a Star Wars The Old Republic
Gaming Mouse by Razer with a 17 mm OH
optimized buttons interchangeable gold
backlit faction emblems and a dual mode
dual mold wired wireless technology so
it's both a wired and a wireless mouse
so that's some that's a pretty
snazzy-looking I gotta say and in the
back of that box I'm not sure looks like
was specially designed specifically for
well clearly specifically designed for
Old Republic but I'm not sure if that's
a you know another Razer Mouse that's
been repurposed for this game or if it
was built from the ground up but that is
either way you look at it a very nice
looking Mouse and another box let's find
out what's in here if I can get the
tissue paper off this so difficult so
this would be the gaming headset also by
Razer which I can see by the lovely
little logo in the top also because it
says gaming headset by Razer but yeah
Dolby send point one surround sounds I'm
trying to read upside down I'm not very
good good at that but yes indeed this
would be
an Old Republic headset so that can go
on the stack
now here's I haven't looked to see
exactly what this is so your guess is as
good as mine but this looks like a
figurine of some type so let's let's
open this up sorry Ryan I'm making it
difficult for Ryan on the camera to keep
up with what I'm doing with boxes so
this looks like it's one of seven scaled
scale pre-painted model kits according
to the back so this is the Senate guard
I'm almost afraid to open this to see it
this says standing almost 12 inches tall
the normally stoic Guardsman is poised
to defend the members of the Galactic
Senate the blue guards robes and Spartan
desk helmet have been reproduced in
exacting detail utilizing reference
materials from Lucas Films archives and
the flowing cloak reveals many details
of the uniform normally unseen in any of
the films so Ryan do you think we should
take this out and I think it's not gonna
hurt to take it out I don't have a knife
though I should have been prepared
so I'm not gonna put it together on the
air hoops so here we go with all the
bits and pieces of the model that you
somebody out there many people out there
perhaps we'll be putting together so
we've got obviously the gorgeous robe
and other accoutrements here including
his his head as we saw I think this is
his head up here so yeah this is not
just one of those you know stick to
pieces together models and stick it on
your desk this is actually something
that's going to require a little bit of
a little bit of work on your part and I
think that's that's part of the purpose
is to to give you a little something to
do to make this your own but there you
go that is the the stuff that we got
from from EA today regarding Star Wars
The Old Republic so once again we've got
the figurine in there we've got the head
set we've got the mouse all this is
great stuff we've got the game we've got
the the Jedi Grand Master's journal as
well as the art book on the making of
Star Wars The Old Republic again keep
your eyes peeled on the site we'll be
giving away this stuff on on on the spot
and thanks for joining me on Kevin Van
Ord here in the GameSpot office is
sitting here surrounded by monitors and
Star Wars The Old Republic accoutrement
thanks for for checking in with us